- [Instructor] So now it's time to go actually implement
that first microservice that we got ready.
So back on our IDE,
I want you to open up your guest services module
and src/main/java in the root package.
We're going to create a new file,
and that class we are going to call Guest.
Now, our guest is going to actually represent
our database entity,
so we're going to annotate it with @Entity and then @Table,
and we will set the name of that table equal to GUEST.
Now, the data from this will actually come from
the schema file that we copied in the previous video.
But for now,
I'm just going to go ahead and code this,
so let's import Entity from javax.persistence,
import Table from the same spot,
and now we'll go ahead and put some attributes on here.
So the first thing we'll do is we'll do an @Id
from javax.persistence,
@Column also from javax.persistence.
The name of this column is GUEST_ID.
And again, reference that schema file if you need to.
The generated value that we will use,
we're going to set our strategy on that to be auto.
And then we will do a private long of type id
to match the BIGINT data type.
And we'll go ahead and do the rest of this table.
All right, now that we've entered in all of our attributes,
I'm going to use a function in my IDE
to generate getters and setters.
Now, each IDE has this.
There's a different way to get to this in each IDE.
But essentially, I'm just going to automatically generate
getters and setters for all of the attributes,
and that's all we need to do on that class.
So now we're going to create another class file,
only this time we're going to make it an interface,
and we are going to call this GuestRepository.
Now, this interface is going to extend
the CrudRepository interface,
and it takes two parameters,
a Guest and the type of the ID.
Helps to make that extends.
And that's all we need to do on that class.
And now the last thing we're going to add
is we're going to create one more class,
and this one we are going to call GuestWebServices.
On this, we are going to annotate it
with @RestController, @RequestMapping,
and that request mapping that we are going to do
is going to be at /guests.
And we will have a private final guest repository.
Just call that repository.
Make a constructor on this class that takes that value.
Now we will do an @GetMapping,
return an iterable Guest,
and then we'll simply return this.repository.findAll.
Then we're going to do one more GetMapping,
and this one we're going to do at
slash curly brace id end curly brace.
This one will just be a guest.
And I see I missed public up here,
so let me add that back real quick.
And this will just get a guest,
and this will take a path variable,
and that path variable will have an ID of id,
and it will be a long id,
and here we will return this.repository.findById,
and we'll pass the ID.
Now, this is actually going to return an optional,
so we need to call get on this,
but if we just call get and one doesn't exist,
it's going to return null.
So we're not really going to have very good error handling
or response statuses,
but for the purpose of this, it will be fine.
In a production system,
I would probably throw an exception if it didn't exist
and in that case convert that exception into a 404.
But again, for demo purposes, this is just fine.
So let's go ahead and start up our application.
Now, in my IDE, I've got a really easy way to do this.
You can compile the code with Maven
and run it through the command line.
You can run the main application class.
There's a hundred different ways to run this application.
I'm going to leave that up to you,
but I'm just going to go ahead and click this button
and allow it to compile and build.
Now our application has come up
and you can see it's run on port 8080.
So let's go to our web browser
and we're going to simply navigate to localhost:8080.
And you'll see we get a whitelabel error page,
which is what we would expect.
And now we go to guests,
and we get a nice payload of guest data.
Again, this has been formatted with the viewer,
but you'll see that we have all of the guests in our system.
Now, let's just check a couple individual guests.
So guest one, great.
Let's do guest 1000, who doesn't exist,
and we get an error page because there is no data.
It's throwing a 500 because that value doesn't exist.
Again, we would control that much better
in a production system,
but for now, that's sufficient.